---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Who am I?"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2025-07-28
published: true
labels:
  - Perseverance
---

Who am I? What defines me? Where do I intend to go? These questions have followed me, especially in these moments of affliction, sorrow, and adversity.
While a cure may have initially seemed out of reach, my physical struggles have given me a perspective and developed skills and strengths that I would not have otherwise found.

If you knew me and defined who I was, you might be confused maybe even disappointed. On paper, it’s a story of decline but that doesn’t tell the whole truth.

I was named a prodigy by my peers in my early years. I was skipping grades, smartest of my class, made commanding officer in the first year attending the states most prestigious military academy, I even excelled at sports winning state in mutiple sports. This all cam to change the winter of 2022, I was playing ice hockey in my hometown when I was knocked backward, landing hard on my right cheekbone. The impact left me with a serious concussion and a small brain bleed, an injury that would change the course of my life.

At first, no one knew how severe it was, not even myself. But soon my teachers and peers began to notice something was wrong. I couldn’t concentrate. My grades dropped. I wasn’t excelling like I used to. It felt like my life had started to crumble beneath me and yet this was only the beginning.

Because of that initial injury, I became highly vulnerable to future concussions. Later that year, during a mountain bike race, I crashed several times. I don’t even remember hitting my head, but the symptoms that followed were brutal. They left me bedridden. I couldn’t go to school. I couldn’t go out with friends. I was left unable to do anything. It felt trivial at first. I thought, "After all, people get concussions all the time, right? Why were mine different?"

Over time, I sustained more. Some were pure accidents. Others came from a place of denial, where I pushed too hard, thinking, “It doesn’t matter anymore.” In total, I’ve had 14 concussions. I’ve seen doctors, tried countless treatments, met with therapists. No one had a solution. No one had a cure.

Eventually, I gave up hope. But in that darkness, I felt something else take its place: anger. Anger at the doctors, at the system, at the world. I felt robbed of my life and its unique experiences.

But that anger shifted. It evolved. It became a drive not to destroy, but to rebuild. I wanted to recover what was taken from me, and to help others who might be going through the same thing. So I started a personal path of self-treatment and recovery, one I’ve been on for the past three years.

I’m not perfect, and I may never be. But I’m moving forward not just for myself, but for others.

Last October, I traveled to Ghana with a medical outreach group. We helped provide surgeries to people who would otherwise never be able to access them. The smiles I saw there, the joy in people’s eyes, despite their pain or hardship changed me. It reminded me of what I had lost and, more importantly, what I could still give.

Now, I want to dedicate my life to that kind of service. To provide the world with the joy of healing - the joy that can replace years of despair, fear, and doubt. 

I have a great passion for technology. I've seen the profound impacts it can have and I know the incredible things it can accomplish. Thats why I am on this path. A carpenter uses a hammer to create a beautiful table. I intend to use technology as my hammer and create programs that will be used to harber answers and solutions alike meant to help the world of its suffering. 

Because I know what it feels like to need answers today, but be left wanting. I am determined to deliver on the hope that answers delayed are not answers denied.
